'Back in the day...' my grandfather started to say. 'You could walk into a grocery store with $2 in your pocket and walk out with a loaf of bread, a dozen eggs, and a bit of butter as well. But today...' he continued. 'Wherever you go, there are cameras...'
"Honey, I’m pregnant!" "Hi Pregnant, I’m Dad!"
A man accidentally swallowed his watch. That must've been time-consuming.
A pony with a cough is just a little horse.
A witch's vehicle goes brrroom brrroom!
After a long argument with my boss, I quit my job at the helium factory. I refused to be spoken to in that tone of voice.
Air used to be free at the gas station. Now it's $1.50. You know why? Inflation.
At the age of 65 my Grandma started walking 10 kilometers a day. She's 92 and we have no idea where she is.
Can February March? No, but April May!
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine? He's fully recovered.
Did you hear about the power outlet who got into a fight with a power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food but no atmosphere.
Did you know that milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It's pasteurized before you can even see it.
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the border? Me neither, I couldn't follow it.
Dogs can't operate MRI machines. But catscan.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
Don’t trust people that do acupuncture, they’re backstabbers.
Ever since I needed a wheelchair, my wife has been so rude to me. She's been pushing me around and talking behind my back.
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Farting in a packed elevator... Is so wrong on so many levels.
Geography teacher asked if I could name a country with no R in it. I said: 'No way'.
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
How can you tell it's a dogwood tree? From the bark.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke.
How do trees access the internet? They log on.
How do trees get online? They just log on.
How do you keep a skunk from smelling? Hold its nose! 
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How do you protect a bagel? Lox it up!
How do you put a baby astronaut to sleep? You rocket.
How do you row a canoe filled with puppies? Bring out the doggy paddle.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles.
I am addicted to seaweed. I must seek kelp.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she had ever been with. She said yes, all the others were nines and tens.
I came back with the food for tonight's meal. I'm a superhero.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
I don't always tell dad jokes, but when I do he laughs.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
I finally got my dream job at the guillotine factor. I’ll be heading there shortly.
I found out my girlfriend is really a ghost. I had my suspicions the moment she walked through the door.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
I had a dream about being a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
I hate when my wife says 'Are you listening to me?!' Such a random way to start a conversation.
I have a spouse in a different nation. The Imagination.
I hit in the head with a soda can. Thankfully it was a soft drink.
I just watched a program about beavers. Best dam program I ever saw.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
I named my two dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re my watchdogs.
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap.
I poured root beer in a square glass. Now I just have beer.
I ran into a lamppost yesterday. Luckily, I only sustained light injuries.
I ran out of food and I had to steal from next door's herb garden. I'm living on borrowed thyme.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes... She gave me a hug.
I tried to re-marry my ex-wife... But she figured out I was only after my money.
I tripped over in France. Eiffel over.
I used to be able to play the piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now.
I used to be afraid of hurdles, but I got over it.
I used to hate facial hair, but it grew on me.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was soul-destroying.
I was feeling depressed. So my wife put her hand on my shoulder and said: 'Earth'. That means the world to me.
I was telling my friend there's only one thing I get really scared of at Halloween. 'Which is? he asked. 'Exactly.'
I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger… // And then it hit me.
I wondered why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
I'll call you later. Don't call me later, call me Dad!
I'm afraid of speed bumps, but I am slowly getting over it.
I'm afraid of the calendar. Its days are numbered.
I'm an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It's my special tea.
I've started a flight company for bald people. It's called receding airlines.
If the early bird catches the worm, I'll sleep in until there are pancakes.
If you put your left shoe on the wrong foot, it’s on the right foot.
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?
Imagine if alarm clocks hit you back in the morning. It would be truly alarming.
Imagine if Americans switched from pounds to kilograms overnight. There would be mass confusion.
Is your refrigerator running? Better go catch it.
It says 'road work ahead'. Well, I sure hope it does!
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
It's inappropriate to make a "dad joke" if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
Just been for my prostate exam. Got the thumbs up.
Just got offered a job teaching poetry in prison. Spent all night thinking about the prose and cons.
Keep the dream alive, and hit the snooze button.
Knock knock. Who's there? Tank. Tank who? You're welcome.
Knock, knock. Who's there? A little old lady. A little old lady who? Hey, you can yodel!
Knock, knock. Who's there? Cows go. Cows go who? No, cows go moo!
My 4 y.o. son has been learning spanish all year and he still can't say the word please. Which I think is poor for four.
My doctor told me I'm at risk of heart disease because I eat too much sodium. I took his advice with a pinch of salt.
My wife dressed up as a policewoman and told me was under arrest on suspicion of being good in bed. After 2 minutes all charges were dropped due to lack of evidence.
My wife is leaving me because I'm beginning to go bald. I don't mind... but it's Hair loss.
My wife left a note on the fridge that said 'This isn't working'. I'm not sure what she's talking about. I opened the fridge door and it's working fine.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
OK, I've cleared my cache of cookies. But I don't see how eating 300 Oreos is going to make my computer work better.
On Monday we start Diarrhea Awareness Week. Runs until Friday.
One word can mean everything. It's everything.
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
Some people think prison is one word, but to robbers, it's the whole sentence.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants!
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day.
Talk is cheap until you talk to a lawyer.
The first rule of passive aggressive club is... You know what, nevermind. It's fine.
The future, the present, and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.
The scarecrow get promoted because he was outstanding in his field.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
There was a Roman emperor who never ages after he turned 19. His name was Constant Teen.
There's a band called 999MB. They haven't had any gigs yet.
They say laughter is the best medicine but where do you get it? The ha-spital.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
Two artists had an art contest. It ended in a draw.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
Two wrongs don't make a right... But two Wrights make an airplane.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
Want to hear a pizza joke? Never mind, it’s too cheesy.
What bone will a dog never eat? A trombone.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
What did the big telephone say to the little telephone? You're too young to be engaged.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
What did the fisherman say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod.
What did the left eye say to the right? Something smells between us.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
What do cows tell each other at bedtime? Dairy tales.
What do lawyers wear to work? A lawsuit.
What do you call a deceased Finnish man? Finnished.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a fish wearing a bow tie? Sofishticated.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
What do you call a Magician who's lost his magic? Ian.
What do you call a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear.
What do you call an angry counsellor? A therapissed.
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
What do you get when you rub two oranges together? Pulp friction
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
What does a pampered cow give? Spoiled milk.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
What kind of coffee does a vampire drink? De-coffin-ated.
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea.
What kind of egg did the evil chicken lay? A deviled egg.
What rock group has 4 guys who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
What should you do if you are cold? Stand in the corner. It’s 90 degrees.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
What's an astronaut's favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
What's Forrest Gump's Facebook password? 1forest1.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
What's the loudest pet you can own? A trumpet.
What's the name of my cheese? Nacho cheese.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
When Tom Hanks writes his memoir it should be called... 'T. Hanks - For the Memories'.
Where are average things manufactured? The Satisfactory.
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is.
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
Whoever stole my antidepressants, I hope you're happy now.
Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on so many levels.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? Because they always hog the ball.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
Why can't a leopard hide? Because he's always spotted.
Why can't you tell a taco a secret? They tend to spill the beans!
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why did the chicken go to the gym? To work on his pecks.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why did the gym close down? It just didn't work out.
Why did the nurse need a red pen? In case she needed to draw blood.
Why did the picture get arrested? It got framed.
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All of the fans left.
Why did the teddy bear skip dessert? She was stuffed.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Why do M&Ms go to school? Because they want to be a Smartie.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo' Drizzle.
Why don’t some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out.
Why is 'dark' spelled with a K and not a C? Because you can’t C in the dark
Why is cold water so insecure? Because it's never called hot.
Why is it bad to iron your four-leaf clover? Because you shouldn't press your luck.
Why shouldn't you enter into a contract with Wolverine? Because of his retractable clause.
Yesterday I ate a clock. It was very time consuming. Especially when I went back for seconds.
You don't need a parachute to go skydiving. You need a parachute to go skydiving twice.